Q1. What is constructor?
    = A constructor in java is special type of method that called when object is created.
      it is use to initialize variable and also initialize newly created object and perform
      any other operation that require to perform at the time of object creation.

Q2. What is constructor chaining?
    = Constructor chaining in java is process of calling on constructor from another constructor
      from same class or parent class.
      it is achieved by two ways
       1.within same class - using "this" ket word
       2.from the parent class - using "super" key word

Q3. can we call subclass constructor from superclass constructor?
    = in java we cannot directly called subclass constructor from superclass constructor.

Q4. What happen if you keep a return type for a constructor?
    = In java constructor is special method used to initialize object. they different from
      regular method in many ways one is they don't have return type, not even 'void'. if
      we attempt to specify return type for constructor it treated as normal method instead os
      constructor.
      if we declare return type for constructor than also java not provide default constructor.

Q5. What is no-argument constructor?
    = A no-argument constructor is called default constructor,it is constructor that take no
      argument as parameter.it used to create object with default value. if we not create
      no-argument constructor than java compiler automatically create default constructor.

Q6. How is a no-argument constructor is different from the default constructor?
    = The terms "no-argument constructor" and "default constructor" are often used interchangeably,
      but they can have slightly different implications depending on the context.No-argument constructor
      is constructor with no parameter and define by explicitly by programmer. and default constructor is
      automatically called when by compiler for initialize object.

Q7. When do we need constructor overloading?
    = Constructor overloading is the practice of having multiple constructors in a class, each with a
      different parameter list. It allows objects to be initialized in different ways depending on the
      parameters provided during object creation.
      we need constructor overloading for many reason mention below
       1.initialize flexibility
       2.Default value-overload constructor can we provide default value for different object
       3.Avoid repetitive code-if multiple constructor can perform initialize task but with differnt
                               parameter than it avoid duplication of code
       4.encapsulation-constructor overload can enforce encapsulation by allowing the class to validate
                       inout parameter before object creation
       5.improve readability

Q8. What is default constructor explain with example
    = Default constructor is constructor that automatically created by compiler for initialize object
      it is automatically create when programmer does not create any constructor.The default constructor
      initializes the object with default values, which are typically null.
      Example-:

         public class MyClass {
             private int number;
             private String text;

             public MyClass()
             {


             }

             public void display()
             {
                 System.out.println("Number: " + number);
                 System.out.println("Text: " + text);
             }

             public static void main(String[] args) {

                 MyClass obj = new MyClass();

                 obj.display();
             }
         }



