Q1. why do we need static key word in java explain with example?
    = static key word in java itself indicate that perticuler member of class belong to
      class itself rather than to instance of the class. this mean that static key word
      shred among the instance of the class.
      we can declare statice memer like
      static variable
      static method and
      static block

      static variable
        - when we declare variable as static then on object or memory location is allocte
          only once when class is created.
          exapmple
             = static int a;

      static method
         - whem we declare method as static than we can direclty called that method in main
         class whithout create it object
         example
             = public static int gcd(int a,int b)

      static block
          - static block is used to initialize static variable it loaded first when class is
          load
          example
             = static{
             a=10;
             b=123;
             }


Q2. what is class loading and how does the java program actually execute
    = class loading and program execution is process that convert human readable-code into
      machine code and execute that code for perform some operation.in process of class loading
      JVM load the class into memory during execution of program.
      some step for class loading in java
      1.Loading
         - class loader read the ".class" file and convert it into binary code that suitable for
           JVM
      2.Linking
         - in this many operation is perform like bytecode verification, static variable initialization
           with default value  and linked with main class
      3.initialization
         - class initialization method is execute ans initialize all the variable first static and then
           all
      java program execution steps

      1.compilation
         - java compiler compile ".java" file into ".class" file

      2.class loading
         - JVM loader load the class in memory

      3.Execution
         -JVM execute the byte code and give appropriate output

Q3. can we mark a local variable as static
    = NO, we can not mark local variable as static

Q4. Why is the static block execute before the main method in java ?
    = in java static block is execute before main method because static block is part of initialization in java.
      when class is load in JVM then any static block is loaded first before any instance of class is create or
      static method invoke. mean it ensure that all the static variable initialize first when class is loaded
      before any initialization or invocation.

Q5. why is static method is also called as class method ?
    = static method in java is also called class method because in java static key word is associate with class
      itself, rather than any instance of class.also it can be called directly in the class without making object.
      access only static variable and other static method. by this reason static method also called as class method.


Q6. what is the use of static block in java ?
    = in java, static block is called static initializer block, it is block of code that first execute when clas
      load in to the JVM. static initializer block is used to initialize static variable ane perform any setup
      that needs to done once in entire class.

Q7. different between static and instance variable
    = there are serve differences between static and instance variable like their scope,memory allocation,
      initialization, access and many other
      -static variable is belong to class it self rather than instance but instance variable belong to individual
       instance of class and each instance has copy of instance variable.
      -static variable has allocated memory only once at time when class is load but instance variable allocate
       memory separately for each instance of class.
      -static variable initialize only one but instance variable initialize with each instance of class.
      -static variable access directly using class name and without create object but for instance variable access
       we need to create instance or object of that class
      -static is use for shared same data among all the instance of class but instance used for shared unique data
       for each clas
       many other differences them but here are mention some important.

Q8. Different between static and non static member?
    = Static and non-static members in Java refer to variables and methods that are associated with either the class
      itself or instances of the class.
      -static member Belong to the class and are shared among all instances of the class.Non static member Belong to
       the instance of the class
      -static member allocated once when the class is loaded into memory.Non static member allocated separately for
       each instance of the class.
      -static member used for defining constants, utility functions, and shared data or behavior among all instances.
       Non static member used for defining data and behavior that is specific to an instance of the class.





